1. User needs to collect data during an experiment with a single worm.
   A. Connect (pair if need be, and select Avatar if need be) to Avatar/receive and display data
   B. Position worm and start recording data / tag beginning**
   C. Stop recording data / tag ending

* data streamed to file in real-time (only during recording)
** displayed on screen in real-time anytime connected - while recording or not

2. Same as (1), except they control the start and stop recording

Design goals:
 - data itegrirty, stability and good UI are paramount

Features:
 x record button 
 x filter (display only)
 x set time automatcially
 x show time from Avatar
 x save to both bdf and csv
 x real-time FFT
 - tagging/annotation
 x autoincrement worm number
 - color/style preferences
 - interactive console / scripting
 x connection health information, lost frames warning
 x lastest status and last log message at bottom status bar
 - optionally File->view log to view whole log (for troubleshooting)
 x user should be able to edit labnote in a non-modal way while
 experiment is running. Upon stop recording user must attend to the
 labnotes before starting another recording
 x user must be notified of data loss, and suggested to please check
 battery etc. both when it happens and in the save dialog

Tasks:
 x test waveform
 x show time/divsion in X-axis, ticks but no values
 x auto scaling or manual scaling on Y axis
 x Y axis values in uV (may have to scale raw data array)
 x desired scrolling
 x disable left mouse button panning
 x filling in UI ... menu items etc
 x background/pen color change when recording
 x incorporate icons - in title bar, in dock
 x incorporate logo in UI
 x Overlay "Not Recording" on display when not recording
 x design the meta data dialog have experiment/worm number auto
 increment
 x allow user to prefill experiement meta data
 x implement record button, bring up meta data dialog (functional)
 upon turning off recording
 x package application into single installer for Windows, Mac, Linux
   - PyQtgraph, Pyside v..., QT v4xxx, pybluez ..., Numpy v, 
 x communications menu -> select Avatar, display communications stats
 x communications display
 x select Avatar dialog
 x refactor to support scrolling, chart, resizing and thread safe
 x reorganize files into gui and acquisition
 x add revision number to about box
 x Avatar test mode
 x "Discard" button on Note dialog
 x more resolution on FFT
 x Proper significant digits displayed on stats
 x Increase Font size, sans font 
 x Non-Italized fonts
 - EPG annotations saved, mean EPG over recording saved in notes
 x Disconnect Avatar button
 x User selectable note attributes - design UI for this
 x Strain, seratonin dosage, drug, food densitiy, Drug Name, Drug
 Molarity (mM), Temperature
 x Add filter selection, 1-35, Also, 60/50Hz notch
 x Move zoom buttons to more intuitive location
 - Key bindings?
 x Disable mouse on plot

- Tasks after Feb 4, 2016 Kat and KK Beta testing:
 x .csv -> .txt extension for labreport compatibility
 x display recording Elapsed time so user can know when to stop recordings
 x Freq plot updated each second, 1 second resolution, EPG still .25 Hz resolution
 x EPG boxed, bigger font, centered
 x high pass to 0.5 Hz, normally not to see drift but to see low freq 
 x Order of notes from most changed to least changed (orientation top, experimenter bottom) 
 x Experiment number not autoincrement
 x Comms status dialog can get hidden - need to fix

 - review code guidelines:
    - no duplicate code - code in one place, e.g. color
    - no crashing or stabilty bugs
    - no functional bugs
    - all files have appropriate heading and id fields checked in
    - ignore build directory
    - review code todo and fixme tags 

Overall Architecture:
 - Keep implementations of acquistion, review and data management
 seperate though use common UI elements and look and feel
 
- Metadata, user customizable fields, mandatory fields? Format to
  store, strategy to build UI / edit?

- How to store metadata? Options are to embed metadata within
  file. Alternatively store in seperate file or database. To keep
  things simple and robust, we are choosing to embed the metadata.

- Format of metadata? Desired to be:
  - human readable
  - easily machine parseable
  - easily machine indexable
  - interoperable

  After considering free form text, XML and JSON, choosing JSON
  because of its standard format, simplicity, readibility and seemless
  operation with Python.

  aIt may be ugly embedding JSON within an BDF+ annotation signal
  (ie. over many records). say la vie

  All metadata will be name value pairs with a flat structure. Names
  will be stored in the nema_config.txt and will be user editiable.

Types of information to report back:
 - data
 - status info (connecting, failed to connect - retrying)
 - communications statistics (frames dropped)

Data, communications statitics are changing at least 500/16 = 31.25Hz
thus might as well put in the screen refresh method
